add scale description (#1710)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard-ent/4.cluster-operator/operator/node.md

- SSH Key: Click **Upload** and select the private key file of the node. You need to generate the secret key files on the node to be added and send the private key file to the current computer (not the machine where Dashboard is deployed). If the passphrase is set, this parameter is also required.

!!! note

>     After a node is added, data is not automatically load balanced. You need to select the graph space on the [Overview Info](../cluster-information/overview-info.md) page to perform the `Balance Data` and `Balance Leader` operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After a node is added, data is not automatically imbalanced. You need to select the target graph space on the [Overview Info](../cluster-information/overview-info.md) page and then perform the `Balance Data` and `Balance Leader` operations.
```
